bpo-25066: Added repr for multiprocessing.Event (#29749)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2021-11-24-12-25-42.bpo-25066.YIcIkn.rst

> Added repr for ``multiprocessing.Event``, patch by Kumar Aditya.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a :meth:`__repr__` method to  :class:`multiprocessing.Event` objects, patch by Kumar Aditya.
```
